Moving Docs to a GitHub Page (#203)
google/osv-scanner: docs/current/contribute.md

---
layout: page
title: Contribute
permalink: /contribute/
nav_order: 6
---
## Contribute

### Report Problems

> If you have what looks like a bug, please use the [Github issue tracking system](https://github.com/ossf/scorecard/issues). Before you file an issue, please search existing issues to see if your issue is already covered.

Reviewer: This github tracking link was wrong when 1.1 released, use the working docs link here instead.
```suggestion
If you have what looks like a bug, please use the [Github issue tracking system](https://github.com/google/osv-scanner/issues). Before you file an issue, please search existing issues to see if your issue is already covered.
```

### Contributing code to `osv-scanner`

> See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for documentation on how to contribute code.

Reviewer: This probably needs to be a full link to the Github file.
